---
layout: post
title: "Goodbye, Tumblr. Hello Octopress!"
date: 2014-12-02 11:28:02 -0800
---

Hello Octopress! I just configured you and got you all worked out, just putting this up as a test. I was originally on a tumblr and didn't visit it much, but was looking for something with a bit more customization. It looks like you could be the answer!

I'll hi-jack my first tumblr post and put it here for a little trip down memory lane, then periodically import the rest of them to octopress so I won't need to go back to tumblr. Sound good? Good! Excited to see what I can do with this thing.

<!-- more -->

Hello tumbla! Nice to finally make your acquaintance after what seems like years of avoiding you. It’s not that I was never curious, I just didn’t have the time/motivation to learn about you and see what makes you tick. There’s so much social media out there I just can’t keep up.

Alas, here I am on my very own tumblr blogging away. This is actually a blog for me to catalog my journey into the world of web development. I was recently accepted into The Viking Coding School as one of the first cohort students!

After several months of preparation for applications to in-person bootcamps, I stumbled upon The Odin Project. Boy was I excited to find a one-stop-shop for all the free resources and links I would need to help me prepare for these coding challenges (shameless plugs, points Erik??).

About two weeks into The Odin Project, I got an e-mail advertising the opening of the VCS and encouragement to apply. Two very crunchy weeks, almost no sleep, a resignation, and a partridge in a….well no, but fast forward to the acceptance e-mail. And we’re off!

I have to admit, I settled for your tumblr. In my ambitious “I already know enough coding!” state, I tried building a blog from scratch and customizing it with a wordpress template with less than stellar results. I then attempted to run a wordpress the legitimate way and decided I wasn’t really into the format. I thought I’d have a blog up and running for the start of the program but I gracefully stumbled and tripped across that deadline.

I really do intend to update frequently so that I know where I started and how far I’ve gotten. As a test for myself, I’d like to be able to look back on this post when I’m importing the entries into my very own CUSTOM built blog and reflect a bit. I’ll keep this very intro-like since it is the inaugural post and all, but soon I’ll throw in a few retro posts to detail what has happened so far with VCS.

As the late great Mills Lane from MTV’s Celebrity Deathmatch would say — lets get it on!