---
layout: post
title: "Strider - Kinda Sorta Got It Right"
date: 2015-01-15 08:36:28 -0800
---

Hiryu finally made his return after several failed attempts to revive the Capcom star. Now he's back in Strider for PS4 to defeat the evil Grandmaster Meio with all the skill and perfection of its old-school 80s arcade game brethren. This game definitely have the potential to be a great game, though the mindless button mashing which gets you through basically the entire way quicky makes it a mediocre experience at best, removing any form of skill require to complete the campaign. 

Hiryu is a master ninja skilled in the art of sword swinging, acrobatic jumping, and striking sexy poses while standing still. From the get go, I felt like a ninja as I used Hiryu's basic skills to dispatch enemy after enemy - slicing through them like butter. What started as an immense sense of power and good fun as enemies fell before my cool flashy sword quickly gave way to the button mashing boredom you might find in a Dynasty Warriors game. None of the enemies provide much of a challenge so strategy isn't much of a forethought. 

Strider does manage to be easy on the eyes, as levels and textures are generally smooth and polished looking. The different sections provide a bit of variety and give the game a sense of scale, though I found myself running into the same looking enemies over and over which quickly reminded me how much hacking and slashing I was doing. Fortunately, the bosses gave me a sense of variety and provided good opportunities to strategize a plan of attack. I even died a few times.

It didn't take me long to get myself powered up enough to take on the final boss. Collecting the power ups and getting the different sword energy and shuriken upgrades was some fun, but once I felt powerful enough to beat the game I didn't feel any motivation to return to old areas to get Hiryu to 100%. Randomly, I found the final fight to be much harder than anything I had come across on my journey. The jump in difficulty stood out like a sore thumb, though a nice challenge was definitely welcome. 

Overall Strider does offer enjoyment, especially for the old-school gamer, but it quickly loses its shine after a short time. The story doesn't hold much weight to it and although the game offers harder difficulties and unlockables, I couldn't find much reason to have a second play through. If I ever feel like getting my quick ninja fix though, I know just where to go.


